- Measurement unit
  UCUM defines a set of standard units. However, for image analysis, lots of computations are based on pixels, which may
  have units not in UCUM. We need to provide unit representation even without UCUM.

- Name for Annotation and Markup
  One markup may have different annotations. To differentiate that, users can provide a "name" attribute for annotations.
  Similarly, for the same region of interest, users may have multiple markups (e.g., masks), and they can be differentiated 
  by a "name" attribute as well. 

- Coordinates for Mask
  The default mask is aligned with the region, e.g., its (x0, y0) coordinate is the same as the region. In reality, the mask
  may be placed at any location. Thus a mask location (top-left corner coordinate is needed.


- Different formats for coordinate representation
  We currently use SVG based representation for coordinates. To accurately represent small and precise objects the 
  boundary steps (delta_x, delta_y) are limited to one pixel. A chain code provides an extremely compact representation 
  for this sequence that can be used to reconstruct the original boundary with negligible cost. For example, the sequence 
  (7562, 501), (7563, 500), (7563, 499) can instead be represented as (7562, 501), (1, -1), (0, -1). Only two bits are 
  required to represent the possibilities {-1, 0, 1} and so two vertices can be accommodated per byte.
  We need to differentiate  representation methods for representing coordinates, e.g., a "representation" attribute. 


-DateTime
  We need to explicitly model time for studies, since these are needed for comparing studies on different timepoints.
  Image acquistion date time may not be proper.

-Sub Regions/Tile information
  A large document (e.g., annotations for the whole slide) may include title information for spatial partion purpose. 
  Currently we have region (relative to the original image), and all the markups are based on the relative coordinates 
  based on the region. To divide the region for a single annotation, we may need to provide another spatial partion 
  object for such purpose.
  Tile number in the region. 

-Provenance: seperate and link back.
 Provenance will be promoted to a direct associated class for MicroAIM class, so we only need to supply the provenance 
 (algorithm/parameter info) once if it applies to all annotations or markups. 
 scope: (individual, markup, calculation).  
 


-A Collection class we be added.  
 A collection is a group of items of the same type, gathered for display or study, e.g., an algorithm validation experiment. 
For example, a collection can be a set of annotations from different algorithms or parameters based on the same image. 
A role (e.g., ground truth; starting point) and sequence attribute is needed. 


-Remove connection between Observation and Rating

-MultiplePolygon

- Observations:
  Not: percent Tumor Nuclei
  1. Zonal necrosis: Not present, present, abudant
  2. Internal Structure: Soft Tissue Rating: 1.0
  3. 
  

